 Thank you very much, Franklin.  Thank you.  A good man.  He’s done a great job, a fantastic job. 

And we’ve come to North Carolina with a simple message for all the people of this region who were hit so hard by Hurricane Helene.  And that message is very simple: You are not forgotten any longer.  You were treated very badly by the previous administration.  And I’m here after a few days of the administration. 

We’re going to California, Los Angeles.  They got hit hard, as you know.  A lot of that could have been prevented, I think, if they had water, which they had plenty of, but they didn’t use it. 

But I’m going there, but — and it was set up to go there, and I said, “Well, wait a minute, what about North Carolina?”

They said, “Well, what.” I said, “I have to stop there first.  I’m stopping in North Carolina.” 

So, we made the stop, and I feel very good.  You’re represented by some great people.  Great, great congressmen are with us, and we’re going to get involved with them. 

And Michael Whatley is here, who is the head of the Republican Party.  He worked with Lara Trump to take us through to a tremendous victory, one of the — as the media says, one of the most consequential presidential elections ever — they say in 129 years, whatever that may mean. 

But whatever it is, it was a great election we had, and we won your state.  All three times, we won your state.  And all three primaries, we won your state.  So, we won it six times, I guess, Mr. Congressman, huh? 

And it’s a great place.  And I wanted to come here and before I went anywhere, frankly.

In the campaign, I promised that I’d come back to western North Carolina to help the people of the state.  And today, here I am to deliver on that promise.  And we have a lot of things in mind, and we’re getting the Army Corps of Engineers all set.  You need your riverbanks fixed.  You need a lot of roads fixed.  And we’re going to get it done in rapid time.

And I’ve asked Susie Wiles and all of my people to start calling up and get the Corps ready, and they’re going to get ready to go.  I don’t know what it is — I don’t know what took so long for the other administration. 

But remember, I wasn’t here for the first four months or three months, whatever it may be.  See, we can only start as of, essentially, one or two days ago.  And we’ve made a lot of progress over the last couple of days, Michael.

I understand we’re going to get you the resources you need and the support that you deserve, and we’ll be at your side through every step of the rebuilding.  And no American is going to be left behind.  The people that I just met are so great, and the people that own that house is going to be very beautiful in a little while.  And who knows, if Franklin decides, maybe he’ll rip it down and build them a new one, because sometimes he can do that just as easily.  But we’re going to take care of the people.

I want to thank our great first lady for coming today.  She really wanted to be here.  She said, “No, I want to go.”  And, you know, she sees what happened and she felt very badly, and she wanted to go.  And we’re then going out together to Los Angeles, but she wanted to be in North Carolina.  She saw what happened.  She has a — she has a feeling like I do for North Carolina.

So, thanks, as well, to a great gentleman, Franklin Graham.  And his father, Billy Graham — I used to go with my father to Yankee Stadium and places to watch his father preach.  And he was some preacher.  Where is he — he was some — you got good stock.  You come from the ultimate genes, I can tell you.  But he was really something.

And Franklin, though, has done so much, and his father is looking down on him right now, I guarantee you.  For a long time, he’s been looking down on Franklin, saying, “I’m very proud of you, son.”  He really is, because what Franklin has done with Samaritan’s Purse is incredible.  They told me just yesterday that Samaritan’s Purse has been great.

But the FEMA people sort of left you high and dry, but we’re going to change that around.  We’re not happy with FEMA.

As well as all of the representatives — you have great representatives here.  Chuck Edwards, who’s here someplace.  Where is Chuck? Where is Chuck?  Chuck? Tim Moore.  Tim — thank you, Tim.  Great job too, both of you guys.

Virginia Foxx, a power — she’s a power, that one.  Don’t — don’t ever have her as your enemy.  It’s not good.  (Laughter.)  It’s not healthy.

Pat Harrigan.  Good job, Pat. 

Addison McDowell.  These guys were just here, just put in, and they’re doing a fantastic job.  Addison, thank you very much.  Great.

Mark Harris.  Thank you, Mark.  Thank you, Mark.

Brad Knott.  Thank you, Brad.

Greg Murphy, a fantastic guy — my friend for a long time now, right?
And the RNC chairman, Michael Whatley, who really, as I said, brought us to a great victory with Lara the chairman of the party, the whole Republican — I took Michael Whatley from North Carolina, because he did the best job, and put him in charge of everything.  And the job they did together was incredible.

Last September, Hurricane Helene became one of the deadliest natural disasters in modern American history.  Rainfall rose to far more than 30 inches, which is lethal, unleashing unprecedented devastation throughout western North Carolina and many other states, as you know, but you got hit the hardest.

The highest responsibility and deepest obligation of the American government is to protect its people, and that’s never truer than in times of emergency like this.  Unfortunately, our government failed you, but it wasn’t the Trump government.  It was a government run by Biden.  What a terrible situation.  But our government failed the people of North Carolina in this horrible crisis. 

For two months, Asheville lacked running water.  And even today, some North Carolinians can’t take a hot-water shower.  They can’t drink water.  They don’t know where to get it.  They have to — it’s delivered to them by somewhere.  They just go out and somehow find some.

It’s been four months since the storm made landfill [landfall], and still 180 roads remain closed and in ruins.  Earlier this month, the Biden administration kicked 2,000 displaced North Carolinians out of their temporary housing into freezing, 20-degree weather — I don’t know how they did that one, because it was cold — even while your government provided shelter and housing for illegal aliens from all over the world.

But under the Trump administration, the days of betrayal and neglect are over.  They are over. 

As I said in my Inaugural Address, we restore the integrity, competency, and loyalty of the American government.  And I think I said most of it in the Inaugural Address.  We said a lot of things, but one of the groups of people I was thinking about is you in North Carolina.  A lot of that was in reference to you and what you’ve had to suffer.

I’m pleased to announce that under our leadership, the federal government will be surging housing solutions to the state that go beyond mere temporary hotel stays that ended up being very short term.  The government wouldn’t do it any longer, which is ridiculous. 

We’ll marshal all available resources that bring back potable water and make your water and infrastructure dramatically more reliable very quickly. 

And today, I’ll also be signing an executive order slashing all red tape and bureaucratic barriers and permits to ensure the rapid reconstruction of the roads here in western North Carolina.  We’re going to go through a permitting process that’s called “No permitting.  Just get it done.”  That’s the way they built them many years ago, I guarantee you that.  Right? 

We will get them back very quickly.  And we’ll begin the work of funderv- — fundamentally changing, terminating, or overhauling FEMA.  FEMA has been a disaster, no matter where they are.

We’re honored to be joined today, very quickly, by several families affected by the vicious storm.  I’d like to ask each of them to share their story.  Chris and Kim West, you can come forward.  Ramona Nix, Jackie Mitchell, and Thomas Gary Bright, and finally, the Wright family.  And come on up and maybe say a few words.  Please.  Thank you very much.
 
Hello. Come on in here.

Thank you.  Come on over.

Okay. 

Would you like to say something with that beautiful baby?


Has the insurance company been responsive, or not really? What’s the name of the insurance company? You’ve got a mortgage, right?  That’s terrible. Are a lot of people having that problem too with the insurance companies, general?  Different insurance companies?  And they’re all difficult, or just the one particular one? 

Have you heard some were responsive, that some were good? And he got fired? Was your mother saved? Oh, good.  Okay.  You made it. That was not exciting, right? How scared were you? Did you think you were going to make it? You didn’t think so? So, you were sort of on a boat?  Your house became a boat, huh?  Wow.  That’s some story. 

Would you like to say something? I’ll bet this guy would like to say something, I can tell.Right.

Right.
Right.
Right.

You never saw anything like that before?

 There’s never been anything like that before. Never been anything like it.  But you’ve okay, right?  All right.  Come here.  Yeah, well, we’re going to help you out there.  We’re going to help you out.  That’s what we’re here for.    Anybody else?  You guys okay?  Please.  Please.

 Did you think you were going to make it?

Oh, you didn’t think so?

  So, you didn’t think you were going to live?  It just lift up?
 Yeah, no, I know. So, what are you doing now? Do you still have the land?  Can it be built on? You want to build again?


But the house is totally gone? We’re going to take care of you. Thank you.  Thank you.  Please.

helped you?

But FEMA — FEMA did nothing, right? FEMA is a waste of time and money.

That’s great.

He’s very good.
 Okay.

Thank you very much.

 Thank you.

A good daughter you have, huh?  A good daughter.  Take care of mom.  And your son must be great.

No, he sounds like a real leader and smart.

So, how would you have been if he didn’t come and get you?

You tell him he’s just — Tell him he’s a real leader.

Sounds good.

Well, again, thank you very much, everybody. 

So, we’re going to be here.  We’re going to be working with our congressmen and woman, and they’re going to do a job.  And Michael Whatley is going to be very much in charge, and you’ll get it done. 

And FEMA is ready to rock.  They haven’t done the job, because they weren’t really told to do the job by Biden.  I guess Biden was thinking about other things, wasn’t he?  But they weren’t told. 

What they did to — what the past administration did to North Carolina is a disgrace. 

So, I just want to wish you all well.  I was here right after the event, and I couldn’t believe it.  I have never seen anything like it.  I’ve seen a lot of bad things, but I’ve never seen anything like it. 

And it’s an honor to meet the people behind me, and it’s an honor to be with our congressional delegation and some of the other politicians in the area.  And it’s an honor to have Michael Whatley at my side, because maybe we wouldn’t be standing here as president if he wasn’t. 

Him and Lara — Lara Trump — were unbelievable as the head of the Republican Party.  So, he happens to come from a place called North Carolina.  So, I said, “Michael, fix it.”  (Laughs.)  So, good luck.  Good luck.

And we’ll supply what you need.  You know that.  Okay?  Thank you. 

Thank you all very much.  Thank you very much.

Yeah. Yeah. That’s one of the things you hear.

Yeah, that’s what I want to do.  We want to bring it locally so that a state takes care of its problem, and then they can bring it down to a local level, like Samaritan’s Purse and Franklin, because that’s, you know, one of the better examples.  But you had numbers of people that did a great job.  You have groups that did a great job and organizations.

The one that didn’t do a good job was the government.  They did a bad job.  They did in many ways, they did no job.  They weren’t even available. 

So, good question.  The answer is: We go local. I think it will work much better. 

FEMA is a very expensive organization that really doesn’t work out very well.  It hasn’t.  This is not the only example. 

So, if it was up to me right now, I’d end it right now, and I’d just let the state take care of the problem.  I mean, you’re going to always have problems.  Let the state — if it’s Florida, it’s a hurricane, let Florida take care of it.  They don’t need FEMA to come in. 

Yeah.

Yeah, I envision a very important role for him.  It’s any role he wants.  He’s a very capable guy.  Michael Whatley, a very capable guy.  And he’s friends and works with these guys.  Keeps them elected, right?  They have to do a good job.  Otherwise, no matter how good Michael is, not going to work.  But they’ve done an amazing job.  They’ve been great.

You’re lucky.  You have great congressmen here and — and -woman, by the way — a great woman, very powerful woman.  And they’re going to do a great job.  They’ll do it together.  They’ll work together, and we’ll supply what they need as they need it.  We’ll coordinate that.

And we will immediately get the Army Corps, Michael, because you need roads built.  You know, we’re talking about the bridge, we’re talking about roads and things, so we’ve got to get them built. 

All right?  Okay? 

Thank you all very much.  Thank you very much. 




