Thank you very much.  (Applause.)  Well, thank you very much everyone.  Great honor to have you.  I know you’ve all been working very hard and very successfully.  And it’s a wonderful place, the White House. 

I want to begin — is Gianni here from World Cup?  I want to thank you for this election, and they just had a presentation in the Oval Office, and I thought this was such a beautiful — this is the trophy.  This is a big deal.  The World Cup is the biggest sporting event.

And Gianni Infantino is my friend for a long time.  And during my first term, we worked out a deal to get the World Cup.  And then, because of lots of interesting things that happened, I ended up being president when it showed up.  I was always disappointed I wasn’t going to make it.  I was going to serve eight straight.  Instead, we did it the — we did it the hard way, but maybe the more important way. 

So, I will be with you as president, Gianni.  So, maybe you could just say a few words and show how beautiful the World Cup trophy is.  Thank you. 

Yeah, sure.  Please. 

Yeah.

That’s a great key. 

Well, you go ahead.  (Laughter.)  I trust you. 

 Right.

Wow.

Thank you.  That coin — (applause) — that coin may be worth more than FIFA in the end.  It could be quite a coin, actually.  (Laughter.)

Anyway, thank you, Gianni.  Great job. 

I just thought you should see this trophy, because it’s really — you know, it’s the biggest sporting event in the world, and we have it here, and we appreciate being selected.  Thank you very much, Gianni.  You do a fantastic job. 

And welcome to the first-ever White House Digital Asset Summit.  I know that many of you have been fighting for years for this, and it’s an honor to be with you at the White House. 

I want to thank the White House AI and crypto czar, David Sacks.  Treasury secretary — this is David right here, in case you don’t know.  You know David.

And a man who’s doing a great job as the secretary of Treasury, Scott Bessent, who’s right here.  Scott, thank you very much. 

Commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick — wherever you may be, Howard.

Hi, Howard. 

He’s doing some interesting work right now with all that’s going on.  He’s right in the middle of it, and doing a great job.  Thank you. 

SBA Administrator Kelly Loeffler.  And hi, Kel. 

SEC Commissioner Hester Peirce.  Thank you, Hester.

Acting CFTC Chairman Caroline Pham. 

House Majority Whip Tom Emmer.  Hello, Tom.

Representative Bryan Steil, thank you.

 Bryan, thank you very much. 

Digital Assets Council Director Bo Hines.  Good, Bo.  Great job. 

And many other distinguished guests.  We have a lot of very distinguished people around the table.  Some of them will be speaking. 

I want to thank Marco Rubio also, who’s right over there.  And we have tremendous people very interested in this subject. 

And last year, I promised to make America the Bitcoin superpower of the world and the crypto capital of the planet.  And we’re taking historic action to deliver on that promise.

As you know around the table, yesterday, I signed an executive order officially creating our Strategic Bitcoin Reserve, and this will be a virtual Fort Knox for digital gold to be housed within the United States Treasury.  Right?  That’s a big thing, Scott.  (Applause.)  That’s good.

The federal government is already among the largest holders of Bitcoin, as you know — really one of the largest holders in the world, with as many as 200,000 Bitcoin obtained via civil law and various other forms of law and including enforcement actions.  These existing holdings will form the foundation of the new reserve. 

Unfortunately, in recent years, the U.S. government has foolishly sold tens of thousands of additional Bitcoin that were worth billions and billions of dollars had they not sold them.  But they did sell them, mostly during the Biden administration, and not a good thing to have done.

From this day on, America will follow the rule that every Bitcoin knows very well, never sell your Bitcoin.  That’s a little phrase that they have.  I don’t know if that’s right or not.  Who the hell knows, right?  (Laughter and applause.)

Who knows?  Who knows?  But so far, it’s been right, and let’s keep it that way.

The Treasury and Commerce departments will also explore new pathways to accumulate additional Bitcoin holdings for the reserve, provided it’s done at no cost to the taxpayers.  We don’t want any cost to the taxpayers.  

In addition, my order directs federal agencies to conduct an inventory of all crypto assets currently held by the U.S. government and determine how they can be transferred easily to the Treasury.  

Non-Bitcoin digital assets will be held at a new U.S. digital assets stockpile where they will be managed properly. 

My administration also is working to end the federal bureaucracy’s war on crypto, which was really going on pretty wildly during Biden, until the election came about.  About five months before the election, he became a big fan because he heard how many people were in favor of it and how many people love it and respect it.  But I guess it didn’t work out too well for him.  People understood what was going on. 

And paved the way for groundbreaking innovations in institutional finance.

Under the Bitcoin administration, regulators strongarmed banks.  I mean, they really did.  They strongarmed banks into closing the accounts of crypto businesses and entrepreneurs, effectively blocking some money transfers to and from exchanges, and they weaponized government against the entire industry. 

But I know that feeling also.  (Laughter.)  Maybe better than you do.  (Laughter.) 

All of that will soon be over.  And we are ending Operation Choke Point 2.0.  (Applause.)

 No, some people really suffered.  It was ridiculous what they were doing.  But in the end, they came around, but they came around for the wrong reasons.  They came around only because they wanted votes and they saw that tens of millions of people are — you know, were against them because of what they were doing. 

I also want to express my strong support for the efforts of lawmakers in Congress as they work on bills to provide regulatory certainty for dollar-backed stablecoins and the digital assets market.  They’re working very hard on that.  This is a tremendous opportunity for economic growth and innovation in our financial sector and will really go a long way.  I think there’s going to be a tremendous — we feel like pioneers, in a way — a tremendous method of growth.

And things are very much tied, and we want to keep it that way — the U.S. dollar — long into the future.  We’re going to keep it that way. 

I hope lawmakers will send that legislation to my desk before August recess, if they can.  And they’re very much working with you.  And you know a lot of them, and a lot of them were committed right from the very beginning.  

So, I just want to congratulate you all for being at the White House today.  And a man who knows more about Bitcoin and AI and just about everything else than anybody — David Sacks.  And I’d like to have you say a few words, David.

 Yeah, high-IQ people.  
We like them.


Thank you.
That’s very nice.  Thank you.  Thank you.

Thank you, David, very much.  Appreciate it. 

Scott.

Scott.

Thank you, Scott. 

 Thank you very much.  Thank you, Howard.  (Applause.)

Kelly, go ahead, please. 

Thank you, Kelly.  Thank you very much. 

Tom, please.

Thank you, Tom.  Thank you very much.  (Applause.)  Thank you.  Thank you very much.

Anybody else?

Go ahead, please.

You’re very shy in front of the cameras.

 Hi, fellas.


Thank you.  Thank you both. 

Please. 

Thank you both very much. 

High-IQ individuals around this table.  That’s what I always say, we need high IQ. 

So, thank you very much.  Would anybody like to say anything?

Please.
 Right.

Thank you very much.  I thought it was very important that we stay in the front of this one.  This is a big one. 

And as you know, China is pushing forward and very strongly as usual, but we’re way in the lead — as we are in AI and other things — and we want to stay there.  So, I thought this was very important.

And we have some brilliant people sitting around this table, and it’s an honor to have you involved, but we want to stay at the forefront of everything. 

And this is a very important day in your lives.  I know you worked — some of you — very long, long before people really understood what was happening.  And so, I congratulate you.  But this is a big day.  Being in the White House is a big deal, and you have great support. 

Thank you all very much.  Thank you very much.  (Applause.) 

Thank you.  Please.  Thank you very much.  Thank you, media.  Thank you.  Please. 




